good fighting games on mobile devices
the day the fire can not be found and only such
so that from the soul and with the plot and with the role
making skills
in general, you understand that I raised the bar
just olympic and you know a is
one game that takes this bar easily
name eye shadow fight 2 review on it
Today
and see
if you do not drive much history
games which here unfortunately are
English despite the fact that the game itself
translated into Russian
the point is that we play for
representative martial arts east
which the powers of fate were turned shadow
got immortality and now battles with
different bad uncles and aunts game
modicum fighting game genre
devoid of a storyline and which is this
the genre is usually completely absent
as you progress through the game you will be
come across different characters who
will help you in the game and give
tips and enemies are not asleep
lead the dialogue for all this funny
watch sure here something these
pleasant trivia game would have lost
significant proportion of its color
so what is the essence of the game fighting
classic battle genre up to two wins scale
health characters beautiful scenery
well, the warriors themselves are in the form of shadows
the task of the game is to go through several acts
defeating the main bosses of each but not all
as simple as you might think
before the leaders descend to
meeting you need to win
a detachment of their bodyguards there is also not all
smoothly if 1 bodyguard you have a cat
go quickly that 2 lay down from his two
strikes and exit one is sent to
octaves and tournaments win there in battles
collect money and improve your armor and
to be more precise to acquire a new one
we are the way to the store and got right away
I will make a shareware game
free in terms of what you can
download at no cost but conditionally it
implies that in the presence of nth
the sums will live in this punishment you
much easier because any object can be
buy as per game coins
so for the crystals for what you will
buy
it's up to you but it's reasonable to assume that
throwing a couple of hundred game you go where
faster d and nerves save order
because the game is really hard you only
see how many beat combinations there are
remember them will be difficult and will have
fight
intuitively but this is not all with everyone
level you will discover new hits
so get ready to learn to study and more
time to study the benefit is training
playground where you can hone your
military or mawashi geri
despite its complexity
the game has pleased not only the plot
part of the game is superb
stylized shadow fighters attached to battle
some special color when not
distracted by the characters themselves
focused only on striking
beautiful background complement the overall picture
here's the music and completely takes away somewhere
cool growth and rock table japanese
motives and what else is needed for a good fight
to fight only one claim though a
more precisely the remark they are very slow
although it allows you to have time to think
but the game loses a bit but
sometimes it seems to dynamics that you look
slow retry
but quickly you get used to and give yourself
only fight
but for
and sadly in this game that
telling that is nothing cool
music original style set
beat combinations
a bunch of weapons and armor unobtrusive donat and
of course the storyline here is a description of this
games in brief as a result of cool
atmospheric fighting what else to look for
the game is updated periodically adding
new acts so don't be in a hurry to delete
who would go through the multiplayer there
price does not she was well, and the infusion
an optimistic note allow me to bow out
with you was kinat channel pod alive and review
ball fight 2 games
don't forget to subscribe reviews each
day